
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.039229                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 39229066500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                39229066500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 646639                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   866327                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5073395615                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 827672                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     5000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6698701                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        24879744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           24904576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        24832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         24832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     18209984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        18209984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           388746                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              389134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        284531                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             284531                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             633000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          634217080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             634850080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        633000                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           633000                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       464196210                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            464196210                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       464196210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            633000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         634217080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1099046290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      389134                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     284531                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    389134                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   284531                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               24904576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                18208256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                24904576                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             18209984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        87835                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             24406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             24362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             24279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             24195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             24265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             24366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             24353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             24357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             24363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             24324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            24337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            24252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            24225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            24260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            24403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            24387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             17828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             17796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             17823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             17795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             17792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             17792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             17792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             17792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             17792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             17792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            17792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            17695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            17664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            17711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            17846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            17802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   39229022500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                389134                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               284531                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  380543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    8042                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  17779                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  17782                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  17782                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  17782                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  17782                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  17782                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  17782                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  17782                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  17783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  17782                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  17782                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  17782                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  17783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  17781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  17781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  17781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        76446                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    563.949455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   492.475020                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   254.189188                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3100      4.06%      4.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3891      5.09%      9.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2634      3.45%     12.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4594      6.01%     18.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        46597     60.95%     79.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          384      0.50%     80.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          154      0.20%     80.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1742      2.28%     82.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13350     17.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        76446                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17781                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      21.883696                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.027791                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     19.611189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-63          17712     99.61%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            3      0.02%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            9      0.05%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            8      0.04%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           46      0.26%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         17781                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17781                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.000450                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000415                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.035173                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            17778     99.98%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         17781                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2874076000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             10170338500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1945670000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      7385.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                26135.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       634.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       464.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    634.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    464.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         8.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    3.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   346365                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  250825                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 89.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      58232.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    88.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                289192680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                157793625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              1517677200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              922816800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy           2562125280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          24024234600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           2462542500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            31936382685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            814.134836                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3890546250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    1309880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   34026975000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                288739080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                157546125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1517427600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              920769120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy           2562125280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          24031334520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           2456316000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            31934257725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            814.080614                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3880405500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    1309880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   34037212500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                  252721                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted            252721                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect              2690                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups               250259                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                  245118                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             97.945728                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBMissPct             2.054272                       # BTB Miss Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                     184                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 94                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   81                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                         78458133                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6698701                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6608805                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    545                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         408                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       252190                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6608805                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           545                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15890936                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5195359                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  785                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 311                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1512217                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2865911                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3129078                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1966342                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1162736                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   78458133                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                            252721                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.predictedBranches                   245302                       # Number of branches predicted as taken
system.cpu.BranchMispred                         2690                       # Number of branch mispredictions
system.cpu.BranchMispredPercent              1.064415                       # Percentage of mispredicted branches
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 89618      1.34%      1.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3479655     51.95%     53.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       13      0.00%     53.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        35      0.00%     53.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     302      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1966342     29.35%     82.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1162736     17.36%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6698701                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            386698                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1070.658045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             2740337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            388746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              7.049171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       21732800500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1070.658045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.522782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.522782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          927                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           6646912                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          6646912                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1862103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         1862103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       878234                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         878234                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       2740337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          2740337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2740337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         2740337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        87860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         87860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       284502                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       284502                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       372362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         372362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       388746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        388746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   7040381500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7040381500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  22146349000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  22146349000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  29186730500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29186730500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  29186730500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29186730500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1949963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1949963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      1162736                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1162736                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      3112699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3112699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      3129083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3129083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.045057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.244683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.244683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.119627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.119627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.124236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.124236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80131.817664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80131.817664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77842.507258                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77842.507258                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78382.677341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78382.677341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75079.178950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75079.178950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       236784                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5403                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    43.824542                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       291699                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            291699                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        87860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        87860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       284502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       284502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       372362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       372362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       388746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6952521500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6952521500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  21861847000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21861847000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1287937443                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1287937443                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  28814368500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28814368500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  30102305943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30102305943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.045057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.244683                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244683                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.119627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.124236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79131.817664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79131.817664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76842.507258                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76842.507258                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78609.463074                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78609.463074                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77382.677341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77382.677341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77434.381172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77434.381172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 5                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           337.407671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             7145058                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          18367.758355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   337.407671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.164750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.164750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.187500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          14291283                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         14291283                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      7145058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         7145058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       7145058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          7145058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      7145058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         7145058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30026500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30026500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30026500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     30026500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30026500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     30026500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      7145447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7145447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      7145447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      7145447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      7145447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      7145447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77188.946015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77188.946015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77188.946015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77188.946015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77188.946015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77188.946015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks            5                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 5                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     29637500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29637500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     29637500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     29637500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     29637500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     29637500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76188.946015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76188.946015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76188.946015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76188.946015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76188.946015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76188.946015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                    372750                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7484.120760                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      103225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    388110                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.265968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               22172394000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3451.694579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        163.058947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       3869.367234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.210675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.009952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.236167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.456794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         15360                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          927                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5086                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3775960                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3775960                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       291699                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           291699                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            5                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                5                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                        1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                       1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           284502                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              284502                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           388                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              388                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       104244                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          104244                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data              388746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 389134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                388                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data             388746                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                389134                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  21435093500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   21435093500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     29042500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     29042500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   8083993500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   8083993500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      29042500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   29519087000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      29548129500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     29042500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  29519087000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     29548129500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       291699                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       291699                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            5                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            5                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         284502                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            284502                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          389                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            389                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       104244                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        104244                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            388746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               389135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           388746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              389135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data             1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.997429                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.997429                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.997429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.999997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.997429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.999997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75342.505501                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75342.505501                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74851.804124                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74851.804124                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77548.765397                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77548.765397                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74851.804124                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75934.124081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75933.044915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74851.804124                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75934.124081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75933.044915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               284531                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    284531                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       284502                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         284502                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          388                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          388                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       104244                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       104244                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         388746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            389134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        388746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           389134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18590073500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18590073500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     25162500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25162500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7041553500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7041553500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     25162500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  25631627000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25656789500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     25162500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  25631627000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25656789500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.997429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.997429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.999997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.997429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.999997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65342.505501                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65342.505501                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64851.804124                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64851.804124                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67548.765397                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67548.765397                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64851.804124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65934.124081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65933.044915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64851.804124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65934.124081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65933.044915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             104632                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       284531                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            87835                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            284502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           284502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        104632                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1150634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1150634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1150634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     43114560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     43114560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                43114560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            761500                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  761500    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              761500                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1907676500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2050280500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       775838                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       386703                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            384                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          384                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            104633                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       576230                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          183217                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           284502                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          284502                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           389                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       104244                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1164189                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1164972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        25216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     43548480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               43573696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          372750                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           761885                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000505                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.022474                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 761500     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    385      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             761885                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          679623000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            583500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         583119000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
