
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010345                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10345352500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                10345352500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 965238                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1752442                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1997135567                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 825524                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     5000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9077796                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           30272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         1199616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1229888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        30272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         30272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       133376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          133376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            18744                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               19217                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          2084                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               2084                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst            2926145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          115956996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             118883141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       2926145                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          2926145                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        12892359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             12892359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        12892359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst           2926145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         115956996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            131775500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       19217                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       2084                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     19217                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     2084                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1229888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  132416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1229888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               133376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           51                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   10344694500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 19217                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 2084                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   19217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         5483                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    248.214481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.776934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   154.583209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          908     16.56%     16.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1993     36.35%     52.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1333     24.31%     77.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          866     15.79%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          267      4.87%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           28      0.51%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           34      0.62%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           20      0.36%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           34      0.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         5483                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          122                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     157.516393                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     24.022631                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1408.828845                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511           121     99.18%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            1      0.82%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           122                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          122                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.959016                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.926305                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.063268                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               66     54.10%     54.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               51     41.80%     95.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                5      4.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           122                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    172026500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               532345250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   96085000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      8951.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                27701.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       118.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        12.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    118.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     12.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       5.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    14024                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1775                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 72.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     485643.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    74.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 19126800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 10436250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                73000200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                5799600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy            675367680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           5674800015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1226345250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7684875795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            743.189412                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2007313000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     345280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    7987820750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 22309560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 12172875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                76798800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                7490880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy            675367680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           5133302010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1701343500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7628785305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            737.765010                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2796001250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     345280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    7199335750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 1036975                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           1036975                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect               907                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups               405218                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                  398929                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             98.447996                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBMissPct             1.552004                       # BTB Miss Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                   50264                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                139                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   25                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                         20690705                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9077796                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8979161                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  91245                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      100544                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       827317                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8979161                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         91245                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17799278                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7209073                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               139359                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               78397                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5470511                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3054251                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1910399                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1172150                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     738249                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   20690705                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           1036975                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.predictedBranches                   449193                       # Number of branches predicted as taken
system.cpu.BranchMispred                          907                       # Number of branch mispredictions
system.cpu.BranchMispredPercent              0.087466                       # Percentage of mispredicted branches
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 26919      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7050266     77.66%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17682      0.19%     78.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        28      0.00%     78.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   72502      0.80%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1172150     12.91%     91.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  738249      8.13%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9077796                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             16945                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1939.331957                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             1891776                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             18993                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             99.603854                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1262398500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1939.331957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.946939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1589                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           3840531                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          3840531                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1169851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         1169851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       721925                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         721925                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       1891776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          1891776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1891776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         1891776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         2669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          2669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        16324                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        16324                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        18993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          18993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        18993                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         18993                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    194559500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194559500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1310000000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1310000000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1504559500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1504559500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1504559500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1504559500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1172520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1172520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       738249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       738249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1910769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1910769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1910769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1910769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022112                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022112                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72896.028475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72896.028475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80249.938741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80249.938741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79216.527142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79216.527142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79216.527142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79216.527142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16545                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             16545                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        18993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        18993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    191890500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191890500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1293676000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1293676000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1485566500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1485566500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1485566500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1485566500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71896.028475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71896.028475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79249.938741                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79249.938741                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78216.527142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78216.527142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78216.527142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78216.527142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                10                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           461.901734                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             6912400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               474                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          14583.122363                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   461.901734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.225538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.225538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.226562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          13826222                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         13826222                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      6912400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         6912400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       6912400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          6912400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      6912400                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         6912400                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     36804500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36804500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     36804500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     36804500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     36804500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     36804500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      6912874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6912874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      6912874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      6912874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      6912874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      6912874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77646.624473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77646.624473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77646.624473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77646.624473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77646.624473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77646.624473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           10                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                10                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     36330500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36330500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     36330500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36330500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     36330500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36330500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76646.624473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76646.624473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76646.624473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76646.624473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76646.624473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76646.624473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                      2610                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8009.787760                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        2663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     17434                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.152748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6378.703800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        373.636700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       1257.447260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.389325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.022805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.076748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.488879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         14824                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1599                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        13027                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.904785                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    179442                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   179442                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        16545                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            16545                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           10                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               10                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data            249                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               249                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                   249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                  249                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     250                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            16324                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               16324                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           473                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              473                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         2420                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2420                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               18744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  19217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                473                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              18744                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 19217                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1269190000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1269190000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35608000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     35608000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    185272500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    185272500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      35608000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    1454462500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1490070500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35608000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1454462500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1490070500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        16545                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16545                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           10                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           10                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          16324                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             16324                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          474                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            474                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data         2669                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          2669                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             18993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                19467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            18993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               19467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data             1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.997890                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.997890                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.906707                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.906707                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.997890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.986890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.987158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.997890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.986890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.987158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77749.938741                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77749.938741                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75281.183932                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75281.183932                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76558.884298                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76558.884298                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75281.183932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77596.164106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77539.184056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75281.183932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77596.164106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77539.184056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2084                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2084                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16324                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          16324                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          473                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          473                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2420                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         2420                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          18744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             19217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         18744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            19217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1105950000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1105950000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30878000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30878000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    161072500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    161072500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30878000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1267022500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1297900500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30878000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1267022500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1297900500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.997890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.906707                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.906707                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.997890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.986890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.987158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.997890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.986890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.987158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67749.938741                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67749.938741                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65281.183932                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65281.183932                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66558.884298                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66558.884298                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65281.183932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67596.164106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67539.184056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65281.183932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67596.164106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67539.184056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2893                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2084                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict               51                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             16324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            16324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2893                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        40569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        40569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  40569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1363264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1363264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1363264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             21352                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   21352    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               21352                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            29872000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          102384750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        36422                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        16955                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            475                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          475                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3143                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        18629                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           10                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             925                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            16324                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           16324                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           474                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2669                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        54930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 55888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        30976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2274432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2305408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            2610                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            22077                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.021561                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.145248                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  21601     97.84%     97.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    476      2.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              22077                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           34766000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            711000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          28489500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
